---
layout: post
title: Third week September thirteenth.
---

The third week of class, what can I say about this, well pretty much there is nothing to say about it or maybe not. Well Tuesday was about bloomberg person or talk whatever it was, although it was informational I wish he talk more about the interview process. For example what specifically going to test you on and how do you study for the interview. The bloomberg guys was funny and seems to enjoy himself but at the same time he pretty much repeated what everyone says about their job. Talk about the social aspect of working there like what is the difference between the front end team and back end team. What type of people work at the company. Is it easy to climb up the latter to get a better job. Does a raise come with it. Talk about the things he likes about bloomberg even the bad things that aren't so bad.

On Friday we reviewed about exception. I would say it was pretty interesting about how exceptions work. I didn't know how it stop running or the try and catch thing. Usually in Java I just put exception on top next to the main method. Less of a hassle. The quizzes for the classes are all right the only problem was number 2 on Friday. I guess will have to read more carefully. It is funny though the article says working in one computer for 2 people is good but most company still don't do that. They just have group meeting and work on it separately. Even the bloomberg guy said he work in a group but each one them had they own computer. They should already be a way in which computer can project what the other person is doing so that people can work together and help each other out. Kinda like google docs except for programmers. That's instant github is one of them but we should have to push or pull

Tip Of the Week: 
[Interview Questions](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/comments/20ahfq/heres_a_pretty_big_list_of_programming_interview/) Career Fair is coming next week. Prepare ourselves for interview here list of question they might ask you that you need to have memorized.

