---
layout: post
title: First week August 30th.
---

My first Impression of this class is that it was going to be java programming with alot of workload. This class has already help me decide whether to graduate in the summer or next Fall. Decided on fall to take the extra internship. Thanks for the advice professor Downing. 

What I really like about this class is it gives a lot of example of programming. Assertions, UnitTest, and the other examples are really helping me understand how to explain what is happening to a program. I do not enjoy writing and speaking because I have a hard time explaining things properly, hopefully this class will help me do that. Of course I'm also excited to learn about object oriented. I kinda know some of things about a class and objects but at the same time I feel like I don't. I haven't written in C++ but it looks like it is a mixture of java and C programming. 

The thing that I dislike about this class is the random names picking. I really hate talking out loud in front class, but I understand why the professor is doing it. To help us explain better the program and think on the spot. Both of this thing I'm not good but practice will make it perfect and this class will help.

Professor Downing seems to be dedicated about this class a lot. His lecture seems like he has some sort of passion for us to be expert level in this class by the end of the semester. Gives out good vibes about learning.

Tip Of the Week: 
[Git hub Cheat Sheet](https://training.github.com/kit/downloads/github-git-cheat-sheet.pdf) refresh my and your github memory

