---
layout: post
title: Fifth week September 27th.
---

What did we do this week. Oh yeah we learned about iterators and templates. I always like this stuff, I think it is useful but it feels like its just a different way of implementing stuff. I understand that there is an input and out put stuff and bidirectional iterator. What I think is that why aren't we thought the optimizations part at the beginning of computer science. I feel like I have to throw away some of the things I learned in the past to focus on the newer stuff that help me optimize. So what I learn from computer science is your goal is not to become the most proficient programmer but the most efficient one. Who can retrieve the data the fastest. That is what this class sort of feels, well not just this class any computer science class. Just expressing my thought.
Anyways the man from NASA was pretty cool I like all the interesting project he does. I hope one day I could really get that kind of level of programming. I'm was sort of interesting in space travel and automated robot machine industry. He seem down to earth. I like how he explain the application development by writing the program in paper first. That's a pretty good tip whenever you want to explain someone your program and stuff. I'm using it for whenever I'm developing and app with a group I will tell them to draw it hahaha it 's more understandable that way.

Tip Of the Week: 
[NGROK](https://ngrok.com/) Easy way to connect your localhost AKA your coomputer to the internet if oyu have server on your computer. THANK YOU HACKTX! seems like everyone knew this except me.
