---
layout: post
title: Fourth week September 20th.
---

This Week we discussed the project 2 voting. It looks easy but at the same time I think it is not easy at all. I think the hardest part for me are the quizzes I always end up missing one. But then again I finally can buy the book for this class and actually start reading it. This week we learned about reference variables which in a sense different than pointers. That part actually confuses me a lot but the reference are supposed to be the same as pointer at the same time it isn’t. It gets even more confusing when the reference part gets combine with pointers. For example the pointer of the int that is a reference. Then again I am really slow person to make the connection at first.

I’m still trying to see where this class is leading us into in object oriented. For now it just seems like it’s just a regular programming class. I do enjoy going to class though. Especially Downing exciting yet at the same time weird attitude keeps me awake. The second project gets recommending to work with a partner. I’m not very good with partners I guess in a sense I have very little patience for my partners at the same time I feel like working with a partner always been a struggle since my English is not very good and can’t explain it to the person. But I will have a partner for the next 2 projects hopefully. This class seems very informative on the things I should do for programming in C ++

Tip Of the Week: 
[Interview Questions](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/comments/20ahfq/heres_a_pretty_big_list_of_programming_interview/) Career Fair is coming next week. Prepare ourselves for interview here list of question they might ask you that you need to have memorized.

