---
layout: post
title: Eighth week October 12th.
---

This whole week all we did is talk about project 3 and discuss how to manipulate arrays in c++. Using new and delete although it is funny. I mean we talk about a garbage collector, and how to implement that but CS429 and CS439 also talk about that heck almost in every class they talk about garbage collector. We get it we have to pick up after ourselves in c and c++. The project is going well for us. Writing a heap memory is pretty good practice. Hopefully we don't mess up in anything and get a perfect score on this one. Quizzes aren't that hard I think I just suck under pressure I keep on thinking they are trick question. I need to work on improving myself. We learn about poor man vector currently how to writing ti. I'm still confuse about it in a sense of when does it call delete on the array is what I'm wondering or if any memory got leaked or something. Where does an array get stored is what I'm sruck on. Downing said about new it must be on a heap the pointer and then it just clears the memory for it. That is very interesting. That's what our projects has to deal with. Haven't work with a partner in while so I'm having trouble communicating. I would say my weakest point in myself is trying to explain myself to someone. Especially in computer science, usually when I ask them a question they don't give me the answer that I'm seeking.

Tip Of the Week: 
[Stack vs heap](http://gribblelab.org/CBootcamp/7_Memory_Stack_vs_Heap.html) A paper about stack and heaps.
