---
layout: post
title: Eleventh week November Eighth.
---

This week what did I learn well if I remember we just learn more about seperation in variable for specific types. I feel like c++ is really taking a curve hear. Feel like I am learning a lot of information at the same time. Yeah of course it does seem like easy information but it a lot of easy information I have to memorize. That information is pretty useful, but I feel like I'm not going to remember much of it. Probably end up googling more than half of as usual with every class. Overall I'm not to struggle trying to reunderstand the concept because it is taught really well. This class is great overall, I think the quizzes are sometimes too tricky to try to understand. Reviewing actually helps understand the concept more. I'm thinking Downing should have a trial quiz of what the quiz consist of next class. Well of course we look at the file Downing has in github repo. Make me understand it, either or sometimes communication in the question is always lost between student and professor. Either that or I think I'm struggling to understand what the answer is demanding in quizzes. Most likely the pressure too. Project4 man that was long I worked by myself for sure for the next one I'm doing with a partner. Overall the concept in class where easy and understandable. Wouldn't say much nothing has change about my opinion about 371p being great. 

Tip Of the Week: 
[Hacker Rank](https://www.hackerrank.com/?utm_source=hrw&utm_medium=feedbackpage&utm_campaign=product) Hacker Rank another website gives you coding chaleenges and multiple choice.
