---
layout: post
title: Thirteenth week November 21.
---

This week we talk about project 5 and way to solve it with virtual methods. Quizzes what can I say I always miss one. The question weren't hard as always pressure seems to get the best of me. What I enjoyed is what ever Downing reviewed in his class I already learned in doing project 5 which is feels awesome because it make me feel like I'm ahead of the game. Felt Good. I've been kind of a downfall in computer science kind of glad I am taking this class it helped it get out the slump I'm going through especially with this long project that was given. Seem like I can't focus anymore and I need to work at that more it is one of my biggest weak points right now. I feel like I can program again but not in a top shape that I use to be. The more where getting closer to class I keep on wondering how hard this second test is going to be I'm kinda of excited or scared I don't know, but hopefully I do good. Canvas test I don't know if I should take it on canvas or on paper. Still debating about it, canvas makes grading  so much easier for everybody and less error to erase. Writing thus have the ability to write an answer in five minutes while typing takes maybe seven minutes thats probably because we have more experience of writing than typing. If I would of learned how to type at the same time I learned how to write they would be no debate and canvas would be so much better. 


Tip Of the Week: 
[Implementation](http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/um/people/simonpj/papers/slpj-book-1987/PAGES/V.HTM) found this random book of implementation of functional programming language.
