---
layout: post
title: Twelfth week November Fifteen.
---

November 15 I don't even know what week we are on. So this class is fun once again but I really hate c++ because it so picky. I always wonder people have created there own language and now I know why because they hate a language so much they decide to rewrite it. I understand there rage especially when  I'm working on this project attention to detail so much. Anyways we learn about inheritance I would say nothing much is different from Java except for the static binding and dynamic binding which at first doesn't seem like a big deal but it is. I think in C++ it means I need to know what virtual means which is not that hard at all. Looking back where I am now for C++ since the beginning I'm still trying to connect everything together. I just realize this whole thing is about building a good foundation for Object Oriented but I feel like this is way too much detail for my taste. Because I know in some point I am going to mess it up real bad for it. But I guess only practice will make it better. Been really busy I really like the Atlassian talk though. The presenter really seem to like their jobs, it is still a small company but it really seems like they got their stuff together. Their process of checking and collaborating seemed really cool and well organized that I could understand what they were saying.

Tip Of the Week: 
[virtual](http://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/122-virtual-functions/) before Downing class I had to figure out what virtual was in the project this helped alot.
