---
layout: post
title: Tenth week November First.
---

This week we continued talking about the project that is due this Thursday and how to do the getter and the setters. This project sort of reminds me of Bug World in java from my old AP computer science group. This time we are building bug world for the user instead of being the user, which I think is pretty cool. I always look forward to this class, it seems really fun and enjoyable we had a speaker on Wednesday. I feel like it is was pretty good presenter or mutual mobile presentation. Right now mobile app creation is a really big thing. Cell phones are now the computers to have. A lot of people don't know how much a computer can do which is crazy. Android and OS are really competitive in who gets first app. I think what surprise is when he said that apple got new language and the old programs or open-source don't work anymore. Its suck that we get switch to different language but in a sense I understand since the httpget look a lot easier. Mutual has 2 different developing teams one for Android and the other Apple which I think it sucks. We have to create 2 different programs for 2 different types of phone. I'm sure there is a different way to do it that helps you convert to one and another, but shouldn't it be already compatible for both apps. Lets talk about Friday, the rain I didn't think it was bad  but I felt like it was worth coming to class. Learning it's an experience it shows how commit you are if it's a tornado warning which I never believe those. 

Tip Of the Week: 
[Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) Been working with Node.js on a side porject great for when you want to create a simple server.
