---
layout: post
title: Second week January 31st.
---

What did you do this past week?

 Same thing as last week didn't look at the project whatsoever. Thought about doing it just ask someone if they use the lab machines for this projects or is windows alright.

What’s in your way?

Other than laziness. Probably installing python and get it to work on my unix environment. Also getting coverage to work. Same as last week

What will you do next week?

Do the project


Second Week for the blog. We are still review the Collatz projects, what's different is we are using python instead of C++ like we did in Object Oriented. Python programming looks clean and simple. I remember in highschool our computer science teacher showed us python in our pre-ap computer science class. I didn't like it I thought it was way simpler than java that it might just end up confusing the user. I was ignorant back then I know every language has it perks and downs. Each language has something that makes it sparkle and people use it for. Quiz questions great didn't read forgot about the other reading. I should really just start reading. It will also help with my writing. Class is going slow right now. I'm just waiting for it to start picking up the pace just like it did in Object Oriented. I did get my name called that is a good thing I guess there is less people in this class so my chances got better. One weird thing is Dowining doesn't take attendance like it use to he just uses the quizzes for attendance. I wonder if he will start putting passwords for them and give us the password during class.

Tip Of the Week: 
[Stack vs heap](http://gribblelab.org/CBootcamp/7_Memory_Stack_vs_Heap.html) A paper about stack and heaps.

