---
layout: post
title: Fourth week February 14th.
---

What did you do this past week?

Got myself a project partner and look at the Netflix project

What’s in your way?

the Netflix project.

What will you do next week?

Do project2 with my partner because I want to do good in this class.


Fourth Week of Class. Lets start with the climax of the class which is the Elephant. I'm expecting to hear alot more Elephant jokes from Downing. I think those jokes are the best. Ok let's move on, I think the quiz questions were alright. Nothing tricky all you had to do is the reading and pay attention in class. Speaker was awesome I thought he gave great advice on how it works in the business of Computer Science. One thing that got my mind is he moved companies because he liked working with other people he used to work with. He is stating to work with an enviroment you enjoy. I like how the company represent the small companies and try to recommend it to people who tweet about it. I think this is actually pretty fantastic. It actually reminds me of the Burrito Factory in Dobie Center. I remember when they started small but there food was so good. There was sometimes a small line and people would ask me if this place was good and I say it was phenomenal. It's honestly the closes place I can get actual mexican food. Anyways the Netflix project seems alright and not that hard hopefully me and my partner can finish it in time. I'm excited about the next projects though. The zip looks awesome because you combine things. I'm kinda liking this python stuff.


Tip Of the Week: ss 
[Interview Questions](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/comments/20ahfq/heres_a_pretty_big_list_of_programming_interview/) Interview Queestions

