---
layout: post
title: Third week February 7th.
---

What did you do this past week?

Work on project Collatz. Made a new friend for the second project. Now to make more for project3

What’s in your way?

nothing is in my way right now. Other than me lol.

What will you do next week?

Do project2 with my partner because I want to do good in this class.


Third Week of class. Wow I can't believe I am in the third week of this class already. It is going pretty fast I must say. Well what have we learn? Python and the way it is use. Python is a very simple language. No wonder it is introduce to nonprogrammers it is easy to understand it. What is weird is they wouldn't understand the concept behind it as the CS majors would especially with the objects and the tuples, list, and how to copy and why to use them. I think python can be used for simple programs. The sample program for Reduce look alot easier than it did in Object Oriented. I wonder what kind of flaw python has maybe it is slower than the other languages in compiling or run time because it doesn't seem like it needs lots of detail and be specific about something. Now the quiz questions one of them was confusing. The understanding of the tuple was weird but okay. I need kick myself to a new level for the quiz questions. This questions are more of me exploring the programs and the way I can manipulate them. Or I should just look at the programs the night before which I will this time. Overall the flow of the class is still going slow but still doesn't bother I think I'll be set for what is to come next. Hopefully.

Tip Of the Week: 
[NGROK](https://ngrok.com/) Easy way to connect your localhost AKA your coomputer to the internet if oyu have server on your computer.

