---
layout: post
title: First week January 24th.
---

What did you do this past week?
This past week didn't look at the project whatsoever. Thought about doing it just ask someone if they use the lab machines for this projects or is windows alright.

What’s in your way?
Other than laziness. Probably installing python and get it to work on my unix environment.

What will you do next week?
Next hopefully I will be done with this project and get it to work so I can relax and do my other projects for my other CS classes.

Blog numero uno well this class I’m expecting it to be fun. I already took object Oriented programming so to me it seems like it is almost the same thing except a lot more writing. The Collatz project I know is just to get the hang of Travis and the other good contraptions. This project is like the training wheels on a bike. Quiz wasn’t bad, this semester I’m going to good on quizzes because I already know what to expect from Downing on the questions. Programming in python is something new, but I think I will manage with the coding. Now the writing part I feel scared about. I’m good at explaining whatchamacallit (oh yeah it’s a word) programming but I’m really bad at grammar. My guess is because I learned English and Spanish at the same time. Both my English and Spanish are not impressive because I tend to mix both grammar corrections. Anyways I always have to comeback over and over again to properly fix my sentences. Quizzes on canvas is much better and cheaper. Thank you Downing, we don’t have to pay for top hat anymore and can spend the money somewhere else like on the books not really on something else like food. What else can I say? Well my roommate took this class last semester I think I have a concept or pretty much understanding idea how this class is going to work. One thing I’m really worried about is that I find a partner for the next project, also find another three more for the other projects that Downing has instore for us. 

Tip Of the Week: 
[Git hub Cheat Sheet](https://training.github.com/kit/downloads/github-git-cheat-sheet.pdf) refresh my and your github memory

