---
layout: post
title: Fifth week February 21st.
---

What did you do this past week?

Finished the Netflix projects

What’s in your way?

nothing, except the test and discipline myself. Hahaha

What will you do next week?

Study for the test coming up


Fifth week of class. Wow we already in the fifth week I can't believe how fast it has gone by. The netflix project was due, it wasn't hard as long you read the articles Downing provided. It should be understandable of what do to and how to get it down to below 1. Class, what we did in class we talk about how python writes its function and how sometimes it seems like one line of code is written. I'm not going to lie it is awesome that some code can be written in one line but I feel at the same time people would judge that code because we are taught that clean code is better than one line code. I'm a be honest it does look like a mess but I think it is awesome. Having yield return and iterator is amazing. I'm actually liking python more and more just because how simple it is. Speaking about generators I'm wondering if there is a way to reset the generator after it has been exhausted. What I'm wondering is why is the generator better than a list is it because it saves memory or what? I thought memory would be the least problem in a program. Does it run the same time as normal list would? This are python questions I keep asking myself. Maybe will have a project that does have these issues of memory and we will have to use a generator.


Tip Of the Week:
[Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) Been working with Node.js on a side porject great for when you want to create a simple server.

